Mahesh Babu (born Mahesh Ghattamaneni on 9 August 1975) is an Indian actor, producer, media personality, and philanthropist known for his works in Telugu cinema. Mahesh owns the production house G. Mahesh Babu Entertainment PvLtd. The younger son of veteran Telugu actor Krishna, Mahesh made his cameo as a child artist in Needa (1979), at the age of four, and acted in eight other films as a child artist. Mahesh made his debut as a lead actor with Rajakumarudu (1999) and won the State Nandi Award for Best Male Debut.

Mahesh received breakthrough with the supernatural drama Murari (2001), and the action melodrama Okkadu (2003). Mahesh went on to act in other commercially successful films such as Athadu (2005), Pokiri (2006), Dookudu (2011), Businessman (2012), Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu (2013), 1: Nenokkadine (2014), Srimanthudu (2015) which rank among the List of highest-grossing Telugu films. By the day,Mahesh has won seven Nandi Awards, five Filmfare Awards, three CineMAA Awards, three South Indian International Movie Awards and one International Indian Film Academy Award.

Mahesh has been cited in the media as one of the most attractive male celebrities in India. His accomplishments have established Mahesh as a leading actor in Telugu cinema. Referred In the media as the Prince of Tollywood that mahesh is most popular and influential actors of Telugu Cinema.

Mahesh was born on 9 August 1975 in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India. Mahesh was the fourth of the five children of Telugu actor Krishna and Indira, succeeding Ghattamaneni Ramesh Babu, Padmavathi and Manjula Swaroop and preceding Priyadarshini. Mahesh's childhood was spent mostly in Chennai under the care of his maternal grandmother Durgamma and the rest of his family. Since Krishna was busy with his film commitments, Ramesh used to look after Mahesh's academic performance. Along with his siblings, Mahesh used to play cricket regularly at the VGP Golden beach in Chennai. To spend time with Mahesh, Krishna used to make sure that his films' shoots would be conducted at the VGP Universal Kingdom during the weekends.

Krishna also made sure that none of his children would reveal his name during their schooling to ensure a peaceful environment. Mahesh was educated at St. Bede's Anglo Indian Higher Secondary School in Chennai where actor Karthi was his schoolmate. Mahesh was an above average student. Mahesh obtained a bachelor's degree in commerce from Loyola College in Chennai. After graduating, Mahesh met with director L. Satyanand in Vishakhapatnam for further training in acting which went on for three to four months. Being unable to read and write Telugu, Mahesh used to memorise the dialogues given by his directors during the dubbing phase of his films.





