Qustion:what is mahesh cited as
Answer:Mahesh has been cited in the media as one of the most attractive male celebrities in India.

Qustion:when did mahesh made his cameo
Answer:The younger son of veteran Telugu actor Krishna, Mahesh made his cameo as a child artist in Needa (1979), at the age of four, and acted in eight other films as a child artist.

Qustion:when  did he met with director satyanad
Answer:After graduating, he met with director L. Satyanand in Vishakhapatnam for further training in acting which went on for three to four months.

Qustion:when did mahesh born
Answer:Mahesh Babu (born Mahesh Ghattamaneni on 9 August 1975) is an Indian actor, producer, media personality, and philanthropist known for his works in Telugu cinema.
Answer:Mahesh was born on 9 August 1975 in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India.

Qustion:when did he act in commercially successful films
Answer:He went on to act in other commercially successful films such as Athadu (2005), Pokiri (2006), Dookudu (2011), Businessman (2012), Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu (2013), 1: Nenokkadine (2014), Srimanthudu (2015) which rank among the List of highest-grossing Telugu films.


Qustion:when did mahesh achieve breakthrough with supernatural drama
Answer:Mahesh received breakthrough with the supernatural drama Murari (2001), and the action melodrama Okkadu (2003).

Qustion:when did he made his debut
Answer:He made his debut as a lead actor with Rajakumarudu (1999) and won the State Nandi Award for Best Male Debut.


Qustion:what is mahesh referred to as
Answer:Referred In the media as the Prince of Tollywood that mahesh is most popular and influential actors of Telugu Cinema.

Qustion:who is mahesh
Answer:Mahesh was an above average student.

Qustion:where is his secondary school
Answer:Mahesh was educated at St. Bede's Anglo Indian Higher Secondary School in Chennai where actor Karthi was his schoolmate.

Qustion:where did mahesh childhood spent
Answer:Mahesh's childhood was spent mostly in Chennai under the care of his maternal grandmother Durgamma and the rest of his family.

Qustion:what acting did mahesh do?
Answer:Mahesh went on to act in other commercially successful films such as Athadu (2005), Pokiri (2006), Dookudu (2011), Businessman (2012), Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu (2013), 1: Nenokkadine (2014), Srimanthudu (2015) which rank among the List of highest-grossing Telugu films.


Qustion:what mahesh obtained
Answer:Mahesh obtained a bachelor's degree in commerce from Loyola College in Chennai.

Qustion:what mahesh used to play
Answer:To spend time with Mahesh, Krishna used to make sure that his films' shoots would be conducted at the VGP Universal Kingdom during the weekends.

Qustion:what do mahesh own
Answer:Mahesh owns the production house G. Mahesh Babu Entertainment PvLtd.


